low ticket to high ticket is absolutely
awesome. It liquidates a lot of the ad
spend or for those of you who do it
completely wrong, a very small
percentage of the ad spend. In a great
scenario, you're profitable before you
even make the high ticket sale. In this
video, we're going to cover some of the
best practices from people who have been
there, done that, and liquidate all
their ad spend, and are ideally break
even or profitable going into the whole
process. We're also going to be covering
some of the best practices to take that
high ticket sale that you want to have
occur and condense the time frame down
to something that's more ideal than a
couple months or even a couple weeks.
There are a specific set of actions and
tactics that you must implement in your
low ticket to high ticket process. We're
going to cover a majority of them here
in today's video. If you're new to the
channel, welcome in. All we talk about
around here is cracking million-dollar
months. Whether it's the first millie or
next millie a month, you're in the right
place because all we do around here is
hand down lessons for people who have
been there, done that, and cracked these
big numbers. Let me be very direct in
saying though, there are no income
claims. You are likely an absolute
idiot. A part of the 99.99 plus% of
people who never stand a chance in hell
to hit these kinds of numbers. The US
Bureau of Labor Statistics claims
that.1%
of all business owners on Earth ever
crack $10 million a year. That's an 8
figure run rate. let alone the even
smaller percentage of people that ever
crack million-dollar months or the even
smaller percentage that ever crack
bigger numbers than that. And no, this
isn't some weird way of saying, "Oh,
well, you still stand a chance." You
have the highest probability possible.
Imagine being a germ on somebody's hand
and thinking that Purel won't wipe you
out when it has a 99.99% chance of doing
so. That's what you likely are. It's the
germ that thinks that you are not going
to get wiped out, but you will get wiped
out. So again, these are just lessons
for entertainment and education purposes
exclusively that we're handing down to
you in today's video. So welcome in if
you're new to the channel. That's all we
talk about around here. And of course,
if you're already a subscriber, welcome
back. Always pleasure to have you.
Without further ado, let's dive in. The
first way that you will likely [__] up
your low ticket to high ticket process
is in the pricing decision of the main
low ticket product. You have to
understand the very first thing that you
want to be thinking with to immediately
stack your odds of success in the low
ticket portion of this funnel. The
success in the low ticket portion of the
funnel would mean you liquidate the ad
spend it took to get the buyer in to
then start the upsell process to the
high ticket product. That's typically
the best scenario. An even better
scenario than that would be getting to
the point where you're profitable from
the low ticket sale itself. That way,
every dollar that you make past that
point is just even more profit that
reigns in. A majority of you are
probable to lose money and liquidate a
small percentage of the total spend in
that low ticket process. And again,
pricing is one of the biggest ways. It's
the initial decision that you need to
make. The pricing range that can
typically [__] you is somewhere in like
a $7 to upwards of $50 range. Most
people who really whiff, they're
somewhere in like the $7 to $30 range.
This is typically the nogo zone. The
illusion of this specific price is you
justify to yourself. You're like,
>> "Well, I'm going to get a lot more
[__] people to buy if whatever the
first thing is is really cheap,
>> right?" And technically, you're not
wrong. Like, you're going to get a
higher percentage of people that'll
purchase. But the issue is is you're
also going to attract somebody who has a
lower probability to purchase the next
things because they purchase something
too cheap initially. In addition to
that, you have to consider that whatever
that lowest ticket thing is, like the
literal entry point of the funnel in
most instances, that specific price, if
you acted like nobody else purchased
beyond that, that would be what your AOV
essentially rounds out to become. So
right away when you consider pricing,
the very first step, the very first
thing that you're actually going to
charge, if whatever you actually charged
for that was the only thing that
somebody bought and you thought to
yourself, well, could I get purchases
below that specific cost, you're going
to be in a much better place. So as an
example, if I charged $99 for the first
thing, and I could get a cost per
purchase, okay, below a $99 threshold,
I'm in a good spot. Okay. Anything less
than $99, I'm break even or profitable.
Now, to be clear, if I had an AOV
because the only thing that somebody
bought was the first thing and it was
like $7 or it was $30 or whatever it is,
is my CPA probable, especially this time
of year to be less than that specific
price, right? And then when you think in
terms of probabilities, which one sounds
more probable, right? I want to give
myself the wiggle room because the lower
that my cost per purchase has to be for
me to be break even, the lower my
probability is of actually getting to
the point where I'm break even or
profitable on the low ticket sale. You
understand? So why would you set the bar
with your AOV to be so low where you're
immediately going to shoot yourself in
the foot and [__] yourself with your
AOV. The price can be whatever you want
it to be. People tell me all the time,
they're like, "Oh, I have a BookFunnel
as an example, and the BookFunnel is my
low ticket product. No one's going to
buy a book for more than like $20 with
the free plus shipping and handling
cost,
>> right? And yeah, I mean, again, you're
not wrong. And most people who run book
funnels, they are going to be running at
a negative burn rate and they're going
to have to sustain until people read the
book before they have any probability to
get the high ticket sale to occur. So
again, in terms of low ticket funnels,
there's all kinds of lessons we'll talk
about. We'll save that here for a
moment. Just remember pricing. Ideally,
the very first thing that they buy if
your AOV was that, okay, it's good
enough to where you can realistically
get cost per purchases with a scaled
amount of spend behind it, by the way,
to sustain profitability or break even,
okay? Or at the very least, like at
least get it to the point where the AOV
is high enough to where it liquidates
more than 60% of your total ad spend
just in the first purchase alone. Okay,
pricing is very important to understand.
Most people also really whiff on the low
ticket to high ticket funnel by not
having enough upsells. Okay, so when you
look at the total amount of upsells that
you realistically need, ideally you have
three to four altogether. Okay, and
these come in strategic forms. Let me
give you a great example of this. If I
did run a bookfunnel as my low ticket
product, the book itself can have a
little bump cell right there in the
actual order form. I can add something
like the audio version of the book. I
can add something that complements
immediately the actual purchase
occurring. If I go to a nice steakhouse,
let's say I go to Morton's, I go to
Flemings, whatever it is that you
specifically love, your local steakhouse
near you. Okay? Let's say we go to
Mastros together. One of the first
things that they do when you order your
steak is say, "What would you like with
the steak, sir? Do you want the black
truffle butter? Do you want the bone
marrow butter? Do you want the red wine
butter? Would you prefer us to load it
up with crab and lobster? Like, what do
you want on top of it?" That's
immediately their version of a bump
sale. It increases their overall AOV.
That's the first upsell that you got to
think with is what's your version of
adding the $17 butter to the stake.
Okay? Something that when you look at
it, it's just a little check box right
there on the order form itself. It
doesn't need a whole sales page. It's
super obvious that it would make
whatever you just bought better. Okay?
Without a lot of explanation needed.
That should be the very first upsell is
ideally the bumpell. Okay, that little
check box on the actual order form
itself. Now, the rest of your specific
upsells have to be something that
complements that low ticket product. One
thing that I talk about inside of my
inner circle class and that I've also
covered inside of Master Internet
Marketing, which are both paid programs,
you can check out the links for those
down in the description. The high ticket
product is what we label the main thing.
Okay? And in this high ticket product,
it's made up of a bunch of smaller
things. And when you draw it out like
this, you'll realize that whatever the
high ticket thing is, all these little
things like whatever it is that makes up
that high ticket thing that you've
actually got. This is where your low
ticket products and your upsells would
ideally come from. You would take
realistically like thing number one that
makes up your high ticket product and
that would become your low ticket
product. And then because somebody
purchased that, there's typically in
most instances some specific things that
kind of make up that as well. And those
can be easy upsells. So I'll give you a
perfect example of this. I historically
have had a low ticket product that was
called the perfect cold video pitch
bundle. So for over a decade with my
marketing agency, we've been doing this
thing we call the perfect cold video
pitch. I'll sit down, I'll make a video.
And through time, we started just
customizing these without me having to
sit down and make them myself. My sales
team would sit there and do it all day
and just blast out these video pitches.
Everybody's super [__] lazy that
pitches people. And as I'm sure you can
imagine, looking at your DMs every day,
you know exactly what I'm talking about.
Somebody like me comes along and I give
you a custom video where you listen to
it and you say, "That strategy this
guy's talking about actually makes a
whole lot of [__] sense." the
probability of you responding is far
greater than just one of these [__]
that hits you up with these super
selfish messages they send. Almost like
they're demanding a response or entitled
to a response. But anyway, I digress.
The perfect cold video pitch is a great
way to acquire clients with a marketing
agency. And for a good few years, I had
my entire education company built around
helping agencies. Okay, so long story
short, the main product that I had,
okay, it was called High Ticket Agency.
High ticket Agency was the main thing.
It helped with everything that an agency
would need to know to start or scale up
aggressively. And one of those things
that made up high ticket agency was
obviously learning how to acquire
clients. That is a branch in this
example. It'd be like thing number one,
how to acquire clients. But there's more
than one way to acquire clients. There's
the video pitch strategy, which also
incorporates what we call valuedriven
follow-up. You can run paid ads. You can
go to events. You can have referrals.
You can post organically. There's all
different kinds of ways. The way that I
specifically chose to teach as my low
ticket product was, well, let me show
them how to do the perfect cold video
pitch and let me teach them how to do
valuedriven follow-up. Now, if you cared
about that, okay, and you chose to buy
that low ticket thing, there's a very
high probability that you run a
marketing agency and there's a very high
probability that you care about getting
clients. And so some of the other things
that I could easily upsell that
complemented the low ticket product was
literal examples and conversations that
we've had. I'll give you a great example
of this. The little bump cell like the
first little checkbox that we talked
about could be something as simple as a
swipe file. Here's scripts for what to
say in the DMs, emails, and it could be
as simple as that. just a little bump
sale adding let's say another $19 to the
total AOV of each one of those
individuals who chooses to purchase that
bump sale. Now the very first page that
comes after they choose to purchase the
main perfect cold video pitch bundle is
going to be something that further
extends value to them related to what
they specifically just purchased. So in
this example, let's say that I chose
something like actual conversations. So
instead of a swipe file, that next page,
I could go grab and export, without
exaggeration, hundreds, at a minimum,
hundreds of conversations that we've had
back and forth with people showing the
original video pitch and what we said,
the back and forth associated with it
until we get to the point of the sales
call. That'd be incredibly valuable for
that type of person who's wanting to buy
that. Now, again, outside of the logic
of what to actually upsell, you tie back
into that concept of, well, what should
you charge? Okay, you got to realize
that roughly 10 to maybe 30% at best in
most instances are going to purchase
whatever these upcoming upsells are
after that first thing was purchased. So
ideally, they're high enough that with a
low quantity of people buying them, you
get your AOV up with a weighted average
from having a higher ticket thing on the
back end. By higher ticket, as an
example, let's say the perfect code
video pitch was $100 or $50. that second
purchase, not the bump sale, not the
little check box, but the second
purchase would ideally be like $100 to
$300 somewhere in there. Now, let me be
clear in saying this again. You might be
like, "Wow, that's way too high." And
there's going to be a lower quantity of
people that buy it. But the lower
quantity people that buy it, because
it's a higher priced product in the
hundred, low couple hundred range. It's
going to weight my AOV up dramatically
higher than if I had 50% of people buy
at $10. You understand? So again, it's
just math, which you think you're smart
enough to be doing when you say, "Well,
I should charge less so I get more
people to buy, and so therefore, my AOV
is actually higher." But again, if I had
less people than you buy, and they buy
at a higher price for $100 minimum, I'm
still going to have the higher AOV out
of those two examples. And the
perspective I'm sharing with you is
literally just math. You could do it
yourself, and you could find out for you
specifically and what pricing you're
considering what would actually make the
most sense. And obviously, you then need
to follow through and make sure that
whatever you chose to charge less for is
actually being purchased at the
percentage rate that you factored into
your math for why you justified charging
so low. Okay, back to my point. When
you're selecting the upsells themselves,
okay, as I just mentioned, ideally it
complements whatever the original thing
was. Okay, now here's the second upsell
in this example. So again, we had the
bump cell, we now had the swipe file,
which would be the first official
upsell. We've got two more that we
ideally want to factor in. The second
upsell could be sales call recordings.
What would you give a [__] about if you
were in the middle of pitching people to
become clients of yours for a marketing
agency? Bang. You'd obviously care about
outside of what to say in the messages
in the swipe file that I could send to
you. You'd clearly also care about what
to say on the sales calls. And again, we
have hundreds of sales calls recorded
that we could easily bundle together and
sell inside of that low ticket product
and put inside of a course. Okay. Now,
here's the thing. This is also where
most people really mess up. When you get
to the point where you're considering
other upsells, because you may not have
a bunch of stuff like that already
created for something that just makes
clear as day sense to add to your
ascension process, you'd likely want to
add something that is also branched from
the main thing. Okay? And now again,
this could be completely different. Back
to my original point, the main thing in
this example I'm providing to you was
again called high ticket agency. Okay?
In this high ticket agency product,
sales and acquiring clients was only one
thing. What would somebody else care
about after they actually got the
client? all kinds of [__] They'd care
about staff. They'd care about who to
hire and when. Maybe they just want
access to a contractor network of people
that can help them fulfill. Maybe they'd
want contracts, as an example, or
agreements that they could send out to
people. Sometimes in an agency, people
will ask you for things like a proposal,
right? And I could give a bunch of
proposal templates as well. I could also
obviously talk about all the specific
skills that agencies actually sell. And
I could pick a completely different
upsell that just relates to any one of
those particular things. And again, I'm
ideally going to charge in my case a
minimum of 100 all the way up to 300 for
each one of these upsells individually.
Now, as you can see, when you look at
the upsell process, this is where we get
a higher AOV that lifts us to the point
of profitability. Most people when they
do low ticket to high ticket, they [__]
it up right away because they don't have
enough upsells and the upsells that they
do have are too low price. You got to
remember the whole point of the low
ticket to high ticket process is to be
salesy and liquidate your ad spend. Hey,
if you want to be moral in your mind and
you want to be Mr. High horse,
>> oh, I don't want to have three to four
upsells, Jeremy. I don't want to be too
salesy.
>> Congratulations, buddy. You're going to
be unprofitable. I am not going to be
like you. I'm going to be profitable in
my low ticket, high ticket ascension.
You understand? That's the difference.
Sell people [__] that's actually
valuable and you won't have that dumbass
thought in the first place. Every single
thing that I just gave as an example, if
somebody bought it, it would genuinely
help them dramatically improve pitching
people and getting clients, what to say
when pitching people and trying to get
clients, what to say on sales calls if
they got to the point where they get
clients, and whatever the [__] else I'd
choose for the last step. Again, it
would also be hypervaluable and worth
whatever the [__] I'm going to charge
for it. That's the other big way that
people really whiff on having enough
upsells in the first place. They are not
valuable people, okay? And as a result
of that, they're not creating value for
the people that they're selling to. And
so they feel like pieces of [__] when
they try to sell people stuff because
again, they're selling absolute junk.
Pick great things that are actually
probable to help people. And guess what?
If you don't have a whole curriculum of
[__] to pull from easily and pick and
choose between and you have to create
it, no problem. Just choose things that
are actually valuable and it'll easily
help you overcome that little belief
you've got of, well, I don't want to
have three to four upsells. That seems
way too salesy. What a [__] dumbass
belief. But anyway, back to my point.
You have to price these things ideally
in a $100 to $300 range. Okay, now let
me be clear. If you see that next to
nobody's purchasing your upsells,
there's two things you can adjust. What
you chose to sell and the price of what
you chose to sell. The easier thing to
pick is the price of what you chose to
sell. So, don't be afraid to tinker with
it and change the range so you can
increase the overall percentage of
people that are actually taking your
upsells. Because you need ideally about
5 to 20% of the total quantity of people
who hit those pages to ideally say yes.
Which again brings me back to point
number one with what you price the first
thing at. If you charge a measly $7 to
$30, you're going to get a bunch of
broke dumb asses that charge back.
You're going to get a bunch of people
that don't have a shot in hell of buying
something for $100 to $300 right after
because again, you charged too little.
Okay, if I charge $70 for a New York
strip or a filt, whichever one you want,
they're $70. I can charge $19 for
butter. Okay. If I have my entry-level
product be a $7 hot dog and then I try
to upsell a $70 steak and $19 butter, I
have the wrong type of customer who's
not probable to buy the higher ticket
thing in my upsell process that comes
right after it in the funnel itself. You
understand? I have to have the right
type of person there. If I sell the $70
steak at Mastros, the $19 butter is my
little checkbox upsell. They're going to
probably buy the $30 to $50 sides and
they're probably not just going to buy
one. They don't just want creamed
spinach. They want my white cheddar mac
and cheese. You understand? They want
the buttercake at the end of the meal.
They would love the delicious lobster
bisque. And guess what? They may also
want incredible bottle of wine with the
meal. You get where I'm going with this?
The right types of people that you
attract in the first place with the
first thing wildly dictate the upsell
rate of everything that comes after it
in the funnel itself. So, make sure you
pick the right [__] and make sure you
charge the right amount for it. Now,
when you have whatever it is that you've
chosen to sell officially in the hands
of your customer that just bought it,
the biggest thing that inhibits them
from buying the high ticket thing, the
thing that you've actually wanted to
sell them this entire time where the
true money's made, the main thing that's
going to inhibit that sell from
occurring and delay it from occurring is
the low ticket thing or things that they
just bought. Whatever it is that you
actually sell has to be consumed and
applied easily. Okay? It has to be
something that can have immediate
effect. You don't want to sell somebody
a book that's this thick or even this
thick and just wait for the person to
read it. Okay? A low quantity of people
even read books that they buy. Okay?
When you sell somebody a book, one of
the best things that you could do in
this example of using a book to speed up
the consumption and the ability to apply
the lessons from the book, give them a
little video sequence that walks through
each chapter and the lessons of the
chapter and how to apply the lessons
from that chapter. Write an email
sequence that has one email per chapter
with the executive summary of what that
chapter covers and a specific section in
the email that says, "Here's how you go
apply this and get this from reading
this specific chapter." Make it easy.
Encourage the action. Make the
consumption simple. Make it so you have
the highest activation rate possible, no
matter what the low ticket thing is. If
somebody buys something low ticket, they
will not buy anything else until the
value of the low ticket thing they
bought is extracted successfully. There
has to be usage and there ideally even
more than usage has to be a result. And
sometimes the perceived value solely
comes from the consumption. Once the
consumption occurs, your probability of
that high ticket upsell occurring really
fast. Okay? If you have a low activation
rate, meaning the total quantity of
people that buy your thing, they don't
even [__] use it. Whatever it is that
you're selling them, they barely log in,
they barely use it, they barely consume
it. Naturally, you're going to have a
lot of objections about spending a few
thousand or tens of thousands of dollars
with you right after that occurs. Okay?
Comparatively, if you get 80 plus% of
people who buy that low ticket thing
within days to consume it, use it, apply
it, and get some kind of win. Okay? The
win has to be fast. Okay, it has to
happen quickly. You cannot have a slow,
long, monotonous, drawn out win. It has
to be something where as soon as I apply
whatever it is that I've just consumed,
when I apply it, the the speed to
getting the result is very quick. Okay,
if I have somebody back to my example
where I sold them that perfect cold
video pitch, the consumption is as
simple as like two videos and an SOP
that they can read through with video
examples of what they look like. From
there, I have to encourage them to go
actually make a few. That's the biggest
challenge of that part of the process.
The consumption in that example is
rather easy. I then have to encourage
somebody to actually sit down, make the
videos, and send them out. Most people
who would buy that specific product. And
there's a big reason that we don't sell
that specific product or we don't even
try to sell to that type of demographic
anymore cuz most of them are poor. When
you try to sell to poor people, they
don't understand what it takes to be
successful. That's why they're poor.
That's why they're in the position that
they're in. They don't know all of what
it takes. So, what we found, and this is
actually really interesting, when we
sold somebody that perfect cold video
pitch bundle, our biggest issue wasn't
consumption. Our biggest issue was them
sitting down, making enough of the
videos, and actually sending them out.
Most of them had a lot of apprehension
about pitching businesses in the first
place. Obviously, that's a huge limiting
variable that we have to address. So,
here's what we started to do. We added a
complimentary mindset course. As you can
imagine from sitting here watching me,
I'm extremely direct, okay? I made a
[__] banger, a banger of a series of
videos, like three videos that we added
in. If you purchased that perfect cold
video pitch bundle, we immediately added
in three extra videos that addressed the
mindset of getting started with a
marketing agency, which in reality was
me sitting there just saying in the
simplest way of saying it, you have to
pitch businesses. You have to pitch a
fuckload more businesses than what you
think you need to pitch. You need to
pitch them on all channels, not just
some channel that you think. You need to
optimize whatever pages you're sending
from to make it look like you're a
legitimate business person and not some
[__] sitting in their apartment that
makes no money and has no idea what the
[__] they're doing. Things like that. As
soon as we added that to it, the success
rate of people actually going out and
pitching and getting those responses in
a tight time frame went up dramatically.
So again, to be very clear with you,
whatever you're actually going to sit
there and sell to people, no matter what
it is, no matter what that low ticket
thing is, you have to optimize around
the consumption being quick and more
importantly them actually getting a
result quickly. An easy quick result has
to happen. And whatever inhibits them
naturally, you'd want to just add that
to the main product that they bought.
Okay? Add that to that low ticket thing.
Don't make it an upsell. just add it so
you increase the speed in which they can
get a result. Cuz again, that's what
inhibits you from successfully getting
that high ticket upsell. Now, to be
clear, the whole second half of this
equation is you factoring in setters and
them strategically knowing when to reach
out to these individuals that you're
going to sell to. Your setter team
ideally needs triggers. This is very
simple to create, by the way, with
modern-day marketing automation and CRM.
If you track the consumption, things as
simple as like, did they open the access
email, did they download whatever the
low ticket thing was? Did they consume
whatever the low ticket thing was?
Whatever the low ticket thing is, did is
if it was a physical thing, did they
receive it? Right? Cuz your setter
doesn't have to reach out and
immediately act as a salesperson. They
can act as an accountability coach. Now,
there's a whole set of best practices
that I teach to people who actually pay
me money. So, I'm going to withhold all
those specific lessons from you from
this point forward. You can join into
one of two things that I've got access
for you down in the description of this
video. Number one is Jeremy's Inner
Circle. It's for rich people trying to
get a fuckload richer. That's where we
include things like one-on-one. That's
where we include quarterly in-person
masterminds here at our facility in good
old Miami, Florida. That's also where we
include our weekly group calls, a
massive course vault, unlimited access
to Jeremy AI, and an extremely active
community of all of those rich people
trying to get a fuckload richer. It's an
incredibly valuable product, but again,
you've got to make a certain amount of
money and you've got to commit for a
certain amount of time. We have far too
many people that would otherwise buy
that product if we didn't add that
friction. And we want the right types of
people joining into it. We have my
flagship education company product,
Master Internet Marketing. You can
preview week one of that 7-week live
class below. It includes lessons
extensively on what we just talked about
here, taught in a seven-week set of live
classes. There are 3 to five hours per
class. If you join in in between our
live cohorts, no problem at all. You get
access to the most up-to-date
information from our most recent
cohorts. You have homework libraries to
consume in between those live classes,
those 3 to 5 hour lessons. Each week is,
of course, on a different topic. You
have dozens of SOPs that you get access
to and also Jeremy AI and a very active
community. Whichever one sounds more
appropriate for you, be sure to check
out the links for those down in the
description of this video. And either
way, subscribe, check out all the other
videos on my channel. Thank you so much
for being here. Go out there and get
richer. Toxin.